>> DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Emery, welcome back to the show.
>> EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, Dave.
Great to be here.
>> DAVID: When you first
encountered a partial body--
by that point, you said you
had seen some arms or hands.
Had you seen other
limbs besides--
>> SMITH: No.
>> DAVID: --arms or hands?
>> SMITH: Yes, yes.
I saw pieces of like,
the face, pieces--
>> DAVID: Oh, really?
>> SMITH: --of skin,
maybe small fingers.
It looked like some sort
of appendages, some like,
phalanges, maybe toes, feet,
parts of like, legs, very
small parts though,
cross-section parts,
that were cut in a way that
you would have to have a very
special instrument
to, you know, transect
these particles
of these tissues.
The tissue particles
I got were always
cut in very specific ways.
So, when we got these tissues,
we'd just, you know, of course,
start right into,
you know, we always
had a job what we were going to
do with this piece of tissue.
And then later came full
bodies and torsos, maybe
with or without a head, or
a full arm, or other things,
even genitalia.
All sorts of different things.
Yeah.
>> DAVID: Now, did you have any
particularly different surgical
equipment?
Like did you use
a normal scalpel,
or was there something
unusual about that?
>> SMITH: Yeah, there was
normal surgical equipment that
we'd normally use, but there
was also other devices they had
that were more advanced than the
stuff that we had at that time.
There were more
high-powered lasers
and electrocautery devices that
we'd normally use in surgery,
but on a different level,
using different types,
I think, of frequencies.
There was one, also, it
was like a sonic knife.
And later on, that knife did
come out to the civilian usage
later on.
But I was not familiar with
that in modern civilian usage.
And when I say
civilian, also I mean
military, just normal
military hostels
we're not using harmonic
scalpels at that point.
And my first use of
a harmonic scalpel
was actually in that program.
>> DAVID: All right.
I want to ask you a question
that we might think is dumb,
but some people will
take very seriously.
>> SMITH: Sure.
>> DAVID: You're
handling exobiology.
>> SMITH: Right
>> DAVID: And there's a lot
of people out there that think
that there are shapeshifting
biological beings that can
instantly morph from
one form to another.
Some people have said that they
think the world's elite are
shapeshifting reptilians.
>> SMITH: That's right.
>> DAVID: Did you encounter
any shapeshifting biological
matter?
>> SMITH: I think I did.
These trans-dimensional beings,
when they get to that level,
they are actually a level of
consciousness that's beyond--
like billions of years from now.
They get to that
light body form.
And you can be
whatever you want,
and go to any dimension to
help out and do whatever.
But I believe that one of them
died here in a 3-D shape that--
how we found him was kind
of like a translucent blob,
like a jellyfish but longer.
And I think, since it
had light within it,
I think it might have
been one of these very
higher-dimensional
beings that was, maybe,
in the mode of shifting.
Or maybe they had
some way of capturing
this type of energetic form.
Like, you know, somehow
encapsulating it,
and then bringing it in.
It did give off light,
but it didn't give off
any type of frequency
that we could pick up.
>> DAVID: So, it was
approximately like an oval?
Like a human-type of shape, but
just in a very general sense.
>> SMITH: Yeah, it kind of
looked like a cookie cutter--
like you make those cookie
cutter doughboys at Christmas.
But very bulbous, and
round, and very liquidy.
>> DAVID: How tall was it?
>> SMITH: It was-- the one I
was on was about six feet tall.
>> DAVID: OK.
But did it have any
differentiated features
that you could identify
with the autopsy?
>> SMITH: That was the problem.
Those pieces of
equipment they gave
me to utilize to
take the specimens
did not work, because
the tissue was fluid.
So, we were just using syringes,
basic syringes, and needles,
and special suction devices.
And we were sucking
just very small amounts
of different parts of the body.
And I don't know
where this being--
that was my own
conclusion, by the way --I
don't know where this being came
from, or how it even got there.
Later on, I learned more
about extraterrestrials,
and that's how I put
two and two together.
And of course of, you know,
trans-dimensional travel
with extraterrestrials, and
how they do it, and so forth.
>> DAVID: So, I would assume
this had some sort of thicker
membrane to hold the fluid in.
>> SMITH: Yeah, it did.
I was about a centimeter thick.
And it reminded me of
a very thick Jell-O.
And when you cut it,
it had a glow to it.
When you cut it.
>> DAVID: Inside?
>> SMITH: Yeah, kind of like
a cyalume light stick glow.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
And then it would just go away.
And then that's when they
said, no more cutting.
Start using needles and suction,
very, very sharp suction
devices we have that
are very, very small.
Like 30-gauge suction devices,
like 30-gauge-needle-type
suction devices.
And we were taking
very small amounts
of different parts of the body.
>> DAVID: What would you see
the viscosity liquid was inside?
Was it like water, or was it
more like a thick syrup, or--
>> SMITH: Yeah, it was
like a clear maple syrup.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: Yes.
And there was parts
inside that you
could see that were giving
off light, pink and purple
and yellow.
But it looked like
they had shapes.
Because this is a
translucent being,
but it's like you're looking
into a clear Jell-O. So,
it's distorted what that was.
But they would not let us take
any samples of the colored
liquid.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Maybe
someone else did,
because it was so
compartmentalized.
A lot of beings--
a lot of different technicians
had different things they did.
And I wasn't that
advanced at that time.
So, I did very simple things.
>> DAVID: I think probably
one of the hardest things
for people watching this is
going to be, come on, man.
You didn't try to ask
anybody a question about what
these things are,
where they came from?
>> SMITH: No, no.
I signed a very big
briefing document.
And I knew what I was
kind of getting into.
I thought I was going to be
actually doing just cadaver
work on soldiers.
But it wasn't.
When I got in there,
it started escalating.
And then I knew
how serious it was.
And I have also
heard of stories,
whether they were
true or not, of people
talking after hours and things.
And, you know, they'd go
missing really quickly.
So, it was a very high turnover
rate for technicians there,
for clinical specialists that
were doing this type of work.
So, I was really good at
keeping secrets, and keeping
my mouth shut.
And it got me really far.
And it was frustrating
to a point.
But I was so intrigued,
and it was so--
I was just so
enthralled with it.
I actually kind of got
obsessed with going to work,
and wanting to know
more and more and more.
Because I was coming up
with my own conclusions.
And then I just
started studying it
on my own, which,
there was really
nothing out there at that time
for that kind of extreme--
>> DAVID: Did they you
monitor your usage?
Like library card, or internet--
>> SMITH: Everything that I
had was completely under full
surveillance, 24/7.
That was part of the deal, too.
And anyone that was with
me would always be--
not, they wouldn't tell
them, but anyone, my friends
or anything.
So, it was hard to have friends
and relationships, even up
to this day it's
very hard for me
to have anyone close to me,
because I'm afraid something
would happen to them, because I
basically lost everyone so far.
>> DAVID: That's right.
And very soon after
you lost all your stuff
is when the brakes
went out on my car.
>> SMITH: That's right.
>> DAVID: So.
>> SMITH: I remember that.
>> DAVID: All right.
One of the things that I
think we should cover here
is the awesome size
of the facility
that you were working in.
Because we kind of got into that
with the colored lines before.
>> SMITH: Oh, right.
>> DAVID: But if you personally
are saying that you--
well again, tell us how many
different unique species
did you appear to have seen?
>> SMITH: Well,
I'll say specimens,
because I count my
specimens as a species.
Whether it was a real
extraterrestrial,
or it was something
grown in a lab,
or if it was just a
disinformation piece of tissue
they would throw out
every now and then
to technicians,
which is very common,
in case something happens,
so you won't be credible.
And so I would say a
little bit over 3,000.
And don't forget,
you could do up
to 10 to 20
examinations in one day
if you're just doing
very small harvesting
biopsies of small tissue,
just for DNA alone.
And then you might have
one that would last you
a week of analyzing,
and collecting
specimens, and giving reports
know to specific individuals.
And sometimes there would
be more than one person
that would come in and observe
you, and say no, do this or do
that, instead of using
the speaker phone head
system for some reason.
I don't know.
>> DAVID: What would be the
first thing that you would see
when you pick up your folder?
>> SMITH: It basically had basic
stuff on it, like time, date,
your room, you know, a red 12,
what they want you to exactly
transect.
You know, just
pull out the nerve,
just pull out the muscle, just
take this amount of tissue,
just draw up this amount
of cc of this liquid
from this part of the body.
It was very definitive
of exactly what you
were going to do, and time
was-- they were really big
on time and performance.
So, you would go in
there, and you would not
know what your second
one would be on that pad.
So, you wouldn't know until
you completed your first one.
>> DAVID: So, you might
only have, let's say,
60 minutes to work
on one cadaver?
>> SMITH: They
don't give you time.
You do what you do.
But the faster that you do these
things, and the more proficient
that you're at it, they like
you-- you know, of course,
I'm moving more samples
than anyone else.
So, and I was used to
harvesting human tissue anyway,
with harvest
transplants and stuff.
So, it was very easy for me
to fall into this category
and do these procedures.
>> DAVID: Did they tell you what
surgical instruments to use?
Did they have that
much of a protocol,
or did you have some freedom.
>> SMITH: Well, I pretty
much have access to anything.
There was a few times I went
on the intercom and said,
you know, hey, I need this.
I need a number 11 blade, or
I need a rongeur of this size.
It depends what it was.
But most everything
is in that room,
that you could
get from the wall.
And if not, they
would put it through,
and you would get it,
like, immediately.
Within a couple of minutes.
>> DAVID: In the late 1990s,
this alleged alien autopsy film
came out.
The Santilli autopsy film.
I assume you've seen that.
>> SMITH: I've heard about it.
I didn't follow much up on it.
I remember at the time,
I did review it, yeah.
>> DAVID: Now one of the weird
things about that film is that
the--
and there's debate to
this day, and mythology
as to whether it's
real or whether it
was a very skillful fraud
--but one of the weird things
is that they peel this
black thing off the eye,
and then the eyes
are like looking up
into the head underneath.
>> SMITH: Absolutely.
Yeah.
A lot of the extraterrestrials
that I've actually seen,
their skulls and heads and
stuff always had film over them.
Unless it was already
taken off by somebody else.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: And it wasn't always
black and green like you hear
in the stories.
It could be many
different colors.
I've seen violet.
I've seen pink.
I've seen-- but that
film is always there.
There's always some sort of
film or cap over the eye.
And it kind of like
conforms to the exact--
whatever eye shape
it is, whether you
have a diamond eye,
or a trapezoidal eye,
or a hexagon eye,
or a round eye.
They're not always
round, by the way.
And it's just right over there.
And I'm not sure.
I always thought that's how we
reverse-engineered night vision
and infrared, is through
the reverse engineering
of these ETs that they found,
way back when, in the Navy.
And I remember hearing some
generals talk about how
they took these films off,
and those were light-gathering
and also light-suppressing
films that were
not biological, by the way.
>> DAVID: Was there like a
Google Glass component to it,
like a heads-up display with
information that you see?
>> SMITH: No.
I'm sure that most of these
beings, if they were here,
they have already
telepathic-- everything
is projected into their
consciousness and brain.
So, I'm pretty certain they
wouldn't have any cool helmets,
or chairs, or anything
like that they sit down.
It doesn't exist.
When I see these craft
people show on TV.
On a couple of shows
I saw they're like,
showing these cockpits,
and all these buttons.
And I'm like, wow,
they have no idea.
>> DAVID: Did you find evidence
of beings with hardware,
technology hardware
in their bodies.
And what types of hardware?
>> SMITH: Yeah, not
just even hardware,
but also on the outside of the
bodies, which is really neat,
things that come out of their
head to their mouth and nose,
from the back of the head.
I found many types of--
which would show up on X-ray
--cylinders inside the body.
But I was never allowed to
take one out or to touch it.
I don't know what
it was used for.
But they were
always cylindrical,
like capsules, like that
you take with vitamins.
Like that kind of size.
And they could be many--
I mean, no, that shape,
but many different sizes.
And sometimes in many
different places of the body.
And I don't know if that
was put in there by us,
or that's just something
that they use for their--
to help communicate
with us or something.
I had a feeling that it
was more of an adapting
process for the body to maybe
survive in this atmosphere.
And it could have been a field,
too, to protect the body.
There's many
extraterrestrials that
have fields around the body.
You can't-- it's very
thin, and it's very small.
You can't see it.
But it's so thin.
It's microscopic.
But it's there, and it
protects the whole body
from this atmosphere.
And I think these
other devices that we
see coming out of
the ears or the head,
that come around over the
mouth and nose, probably
has to do with atmospheric
breathing and communication.
My belief, anyway.
>> DAVID: The reason why I ask
that is that you described them
seeming to be downloaded
with information.
You said that they wouldn't
need a heads-up display
on these little things
that cover their eyes.
So, is that some sort of
wet-wired technological
interface with
their consciousness?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I think a lot
of them have advanced to this
consciousness-assisted
technology that they either
implanted into themselves, or,
just because of them growing
over millions of years and
forming into these amazing
beings, have developed ways and
sciences that we cannot even
understand or comprehend.
Because we wouldn't
understand the science,
because the science
doesn't exist yet.
It would all be there
already inside the being.
We're talking about
beings that have obviously
traveled billions
of light years,
or thousands of light
years, to get here.
So, they have mastered this
travel across the universe.
And maybe even
trans-dimensionally.
So, it would only be well-suited
to believe or think that,
and that's just my
hypothesis, by the way,
that they would have
this technology already
ensued in them.
>> DAVID: If we have this wet
wire interface, could there be,
in certain cases, a sort of
booby trap effect where that
would self-destruct the body so
that it couldn't be identified?
Do you think that
was ever happening?
>> SMITH: What I do believe in,
what I have heard secondhand
from being in the projects, is
a lot of these beings that came
to the planet were actually
clones of their own--
the 3-D ones that were
actually maybe captured
--were actually
clones of their own.
They were like programmed
life form beings.
So, they clone them,
they program them--
>> DAVID: They clone themselves?
>> SMITH: Right.
They clone themselves.
Or they'll clone a
similar being from them.
And they'll-- Programmed
Life Form, we call them PLFs.
And these PLFs are--
they're half cybernetic
and they're half organic.
And so, they can move
very fluid, like a person.
You would not even know.
And when they crash or whatever,
sometimes ETs actually want
to crash their vehicles
here to help upgrade us,
so they can
reverse-engineer the stuff.
And the bodies they
find are actually
just these PLFs that
maybe last a week
or up to a year
with no sustenance.
But they found that
out the hard way.
When they were capturing
these, and most of them
were dead when they crashed,
and they were putting them
in alcohol or formaldehyde, and
the body would instantly just
dissolve.
Because it's not like something
we would catch here, and put
in our lab, an animal,
or a human hand,
or a brain or something that
has a very strong tissue--
collagen structure.
It was made up of
synthetic structure.
So, they started using
saline and special types
of water and plasmas.
>> DAVID: On the 50-year
anniversary of the Roswell
crash, in 1997, Colonel Philip
Corso came out with the book
"The Day After Roswell."
And one of the testimonies
that he had in that book
was that the original
Roswell beings--
our government
was very confused,
because they
basically had, like,
a tube that went from the
esophagus to the anus.
And there was really no--
>> SMITH: Exactly.
>> DAVID: --digestive system.
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: So, how does that
relate to this PLF thing?
>> SMITH: That's exactly
what a PLF would look like.
The design of that, and I
have worked on clones and PLFs
before.
There is no digestive
track or anything,
but they're somehow able to have
an electrical charge in them,
that is sustained
for a while, that
helps the muscles,
and their bodies,
and also transmit data
to whoever sent them.
And they don't need--
I mean, I don't know
what that tube is for,
but I know exactly what
he was talking about,
because we've seen these tubes.
And maybe they have something
that they have to take,
because we've seen multiple
tubes that go off of this tube,
like a tree--
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: --branch.
Yeah.
But it doesn't go anywhere.
It just goes into
this spongy tissue,
which is made up of muscle,
and just tendons and stuff.
And also incorporated with that
is a type of metal, and other--
not an exoskeleton,
but an inner skeleton
that keeps these beings, I
guess, alive for the mission.
And I think each
one of those are
made for every different
mission they have,
whether it's crashing into the
ocean and giving us some stuff,
or carrying out--
collecting lavender in
a field or something.
>> DAVID: The material,
genetically, that makes a PLF,
is that grown?
Or does it have to be actually
taken from another being?
How do you get the material,
the biological material?
>> SMITH: Unlike here, where
we grow stuff on Earth,
like beings and
clones and hybrids,
extraterrestrials actually
formed this through harmonics
and frequency and sound.
So, they can make anything,
cells, or synthetic cells--
which I'm pretty certain
they're synthetic,
through some of the stuff
that I've collected.
And by the way, I've never got
to see an actual synthetic cell
under a microscope, or
an electron microscope.
But just from debriefings
I have been on
and things that I've seen
with my physical eyes,
I can tell the tissue
was not real tissue,
but it was operational tissue.
Just like today, they have
pieces of synthetic things
they can put in your
body to replace a tendon
or help strengthen a vessel.
You know, we put
vessels in all the time.
>> DAVID: Just to
be clear, though,
if you're saying it's
a synthetic cell,
it would still have amino acids
and proteins consistent with
life.
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: It's not like
it's made out of plastic.
>> SMITH: Yeah, that's
what I'm saying.
It's more of a hybrid of
synthetic and real organisms.
But it's not one or the other.
Because from what-- this is
secondhand --what I heard,
that they didn't have
mitochondria in them,
and they didn't have DNA.
But the cell did operate the
way it was supposed to operate.
>> DAVID: Weird.
>> SMITH: Yes, very weird.
>> DAVID: If there's
no mitochondria,
how does it have energy?
>> SMITH: Yeah, good question.
That's science that I
wouldn't even know about yet.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: But that is
something that's asked.
>> DAVID: Do they--
can they culture, like,
a small sample of tissue,
and then make a lot more,
and then use that to
grow on of these--
>> SMITH: I believe, personally,
that's what they're trying
to do with all these samples.
I wasn't in on that.
I do not know.
I've heard that-- of course,
most of the samples are not
just tested, of course.
They are trying to
learn how to hybridize
these cells with human
cells, and trying
to grow things in the lab by
mixing these cells together,
is what they're trying to do.
And I didn't find that out
till way later down the road,
by the way.
So, that I do know.
>> DAVID: If there are
synthetic aspects to the cell,
what would be something
that we might identify?
Would we find molecules?
Would we find alloys?
Is there metals in the cell?
What kind of things
might be unusual?
>> SMITH: Well, the unusual
things that I've heard after
this-- and this is not
me seeing the cell.
Just so you know, I've seen
briefings on my folder.
I went through many
things where they
had pictures of these cells.
But I did not see this.
I did not personally
see the cell.
They had many different shapes.
And they had-- a
lot of them were
geometric, which is
weird, because that
means it's a lattice.
It's not-- like, cells
are spheres, most of them.
Or maybe they're a concave
disk, like a red blood cell,
which is a very unique design.
But these cells were
more of a lattice.
So, they formed shapes, and they
formed honeycombs and different
things, and they definitely had
an electrical output to them.
And where that came
from, I don't know.
So, they kind of ran off,
I think, the own field
of the energy of the Earth
for a certain amount of time.
And maybe that tube was used
to put certain elements in
to help with the electrical
part of the body.
Because those were
all temporary.
The ones that were found here.
But I'm sure they have
ones that last a lifetime.
>> DAVID: I'm trying to help
the skeptics along here,
just in terms of--
a healthy skeptic,
I think, would ask
healthy skeptical questions.
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: We seem to
view biological material,
clone material, as being
rare, valuable, hard to make.
And you're talking about beings
that are like plastic bags.
Like--
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: --one week
and they're done.
>> SMITH: On no.
Yeah.
Yes.
>> DAVID: So, how could
these genetic materials be
so abundant that they
would be that disposable?
I guess I'm having a hard--
>> SMITH: Oh, that's easy.
I mean, number one, these
beings, I'm telling you,
they can make
anything they want.
They don't need our gold.
They don't need our
sperm or our eggs.
I mean, that's something
they could do on their own.
They don't need to come here.
If anything, they're
trying to preserve us.
But they don't need--
they're trying to preserve
this DNA at this time, maybe.
But getting back
to your question,
is that right now, even
in our projects, right now
we have the ability to 3-D
print any organ in your body
that you need.
A lung, no problem.
A heart, no problem.
With your DNA, using your
cells from the tissue
from the broken or dead
organ, or from another part
of the body.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Because enfolded in
the DNA is actually every part
of your body.
>> DAVID: Right, of course.
>> SMITH: And that's
what's so cool.
And when you open the DNA
up, I can say, oh, here's
Dave's heart.
Put it in the computer,
and now the printer
will print your heart.
And now we can do a heart
transplant with your own heart,
but we'll give you one a little
bit younger and stronger.
And will juice it up.
>> DAVID: I want to toss in
something that my insider,
Jacob, said to me once, which
was that we are currently
believing that neurological
tissue cannot be regrown.
And yet he had
reports of people who
had been through catastrophic
spinal cord injuries.
And that, even if the
nerve fibers had completely
gone dead, and rotted, and
been reabsorbed by the body,
that they could put this thing
at the base of the spinal cord
in the neck, and that the
nerves would just grow back
into the body, and the person
would get all of their function
back.
>> SMITH: Absolutely true.
And even on a medieval
way, like with a system
they created with stem
cells, harvesting them
from fat and bone
marrow and blood,
we have had amazing experiences
with quadriplegics and people
who have had really bad spinal
cord injuries come back.
And so, with the neural
stuff, we can grow any cell.
There is not a
cell we can't grow.
That's fake.
That's false.
That's what they
want you to believe.
And that's what's the truth.
>> DAVID: Do you believe, as
other types of insiders have
said, that there is a negative
aspect to our planet at this
time that is seeking to reduce
population dramatically?
>> SMITH: I do believe that.
And you can see it every day.
It's not hard.
I hate to call out
corporation names.
But, you know, and
things that are
going on everywhere
with politics,
because I try to stay neutral.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: But yes.
I mean, you can just
look around and see.
It be so easy to do.
I mean, if there was just no
electric for a couple of days.
And I'm diabetic, and I
can't get to a Walgreens
for my insulin shot.
You know how many people
in the world have that.
So, I mean, these little
things that you don't really
think about, it would
look so harmless
that all these people died.
But, you know, but it was
an intentional way to do it.
>> DAVID: So, what I'm
getting at here is,
if you're saying that any part
of the body could be grown,
I assume that would also mean
if somebody loses their arm,
you could grow another arm for
them in a vat or something,
and attach it, right?
>> SMITH: Oh, it's beyond that.
If I have just a few
of your DNA that's
not completely destroyed.
It's not completely dead.
We can actually
just take that DNA
and make your whole body back.
Because it enfolds within
it all the consciousness
things that you have endured
through this lifetime,
like a hard drive.
And you're still you.
And we can grow that,
your whole body.
>> DAVID: Would there have to be
some sort of biologically-based
broth, or something that you
have to feed these cells with
in order to get them to grow?
>> SMITH: Its protein,
amino acid base,
the very basis of life.
All of the things that you hear
about is what it's full of.
And the computer
knows when to add
collagen, when to add
osteocytes and osteoclasts,
and all these different cells
in the body to help reform it.
And sometimes there is
a glitch in the printer,
and some things happen,
but it immediately
puts the cells in there to
fix it, which is amazing.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
And these are huge
vats that, you know,
you can basically regrow
yourself if needed.
>> DAVID: We have just
a couple minutes left.
But one of the things
I wanted to cover
is, in previous
episodes, you talked
about seeing what may have
been a 10-foot tall reptilian
in custody.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: But then you very--
I would almost say flippantly
--oh it could've just
been something we grew.
Like it's no big deal.
>> SMITH: It's no big deal.
We can grow--
>> DAVID: How did you get to
the point of knowing that that
could have been done?
>> SMITH: Because that's why
I went into the regenerative
part, and started learning a
little bit more about what they
were doing with growing cells--
>> DAVID: They who?
>> SMITH: --and growing things.
The labs.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: We'll
call them the labs.
And what they were trying
to do, like I said,
is also make fake
extraterrestrials.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: To make, just--
have them in their back
pocket just in case.
To make them look good, bad,
evil, or happy, or healthy,
or scary, or good-looking,
whatever they wanted to do.
And they did.
They're very successful with it.
So, that's why I
said, when I saw
that this being, this
species or whatever, maybe--
I don't know where
that came from.
I can't tell you.
I could say that I
believe it was real.
And it was smelly and breathy.
You know, it breathed.
But that's where
PLFs come in, too.
So, programmed life
forms are the same thing,
are grown species that
are programmed to do
certain things, certain jobs.
>> DAVID: Without naming
anyone specifically,
I have a story about one
of our former presidents,
and this idea that
they can be cloned.
And that you might
be seeing someone
who looks exactly
the same, but it
could be a totally different
biological form than the one
that's the real one.
Are you aware of that?
>> SMITH: Yes, I am.
>> DAVID: OK.
So, is there some
problem with the clone,
in terms of like, if you
had a conversation with it,
does it have the same memories?
Is it aware that it's a clone?
Or does it think
it's the same person?
>> SMITH: It's not like I
was telling you earlier,
when we take your
DNA and make you.
It's, we take partial parts of
your DNA, make you as a clone,
without the
consciousness part of it.
So, we-- it's
programmed into you.
We programmed the
memories into you.
And you might think
you had a family,
and that you knew that
you took this job, to look
like this president.
Up to date.
All the way back.
They could even make more clones
to be put with you to make
you think you have a family.
Or you would just think.
Or maybe they just
need you for one job.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yes.
This is really intense.
That's all the time we have
in this episode of Cosmic
Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And we are here
with Emery Smith,
exposing the truth about very
advanced genetic programs
involving
extraterrestrial biology.
Thanks for watching.